[+DOC][ILM] age calculation resets post rollover (#103662)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ilm/ilm-index-lifecycle.asciidoc

[[ilm-phase-transitions]]
=== Phase transitions

> {ilm-init} moves indices through the lifecycle according to their `age` (time since rollover fallback index creation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ilm-init} moves indices through the lifecycle according to their `age` (time since rollover, falling back to index creation if it has not yet rolled over).
```
